# mbison


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This file will become your README and also the index of your
documentation.

## Install

``` sh
pip install mbison
```

## How to use

> Base classes and routes for authentication, and dealing with api
> responses.

- `client.DomoAuth` encapsulates authentication. Can init with
  username/password or access_token
- For consistency, use `client.domo_api_request` to handle API requests
  in route functions. `domo_api_requests` and `route functions` should
  always return an instance of `client.ResponseGetData` class. For
  streaming responses, use `client.domo_api_stream_request` to
  automagically download API responses in route functions.
- `Route Functions` should always throw an error if not
  `ResponseGetData.is_success`

Features or classes are implemented as separate notebooks and then
exported into their own module folder (see `default_exp` line in each
.ipynb file) - each feature should be implemented as series of route
functions (‘GET’, ‘PUT’, ‘POST’ requests), then a `@dataclass` class may
be used to represent the feature with methods that wrap and provide
logic around route functions. - ex. an UPSERT method might wrap logic to
test if the entity already exists (in which case call the PUT route) or
create the entity if it doesn’t already exist (‘POST’) - `@classmethods`
return an instance of the class - ex. each class should have a
`get_by_id` method which returns an instance of the entity (typically
the result of the search datacenter API)

Implementations, take a set of features and create a use case or
project - ex.back up code engine and custom app (features) into appdb
collections (feature)
